The citizens of nations ranked highly enjoy a great amount of civil rights, or freedoms to go about their personal business without interference or regulation from government.
Nations ranked highly are the most ruthlessly efficient at translating raw resources, including people, into economic output.
These nations allow citizens the greatest amount of freedom to select their own government.
The following nations have the greatest number of citizens.
Nations ranked highly have large gaps between the incomes of rich and poor citizens. Nations low on the list have high levels of income equality.
The World Census paid their respects at cemeteries in order to determine how likely citizens were to die each year from unnatural causes, such as crime, preventable illness, accident, and government encouragement.
Exhaustive World Census tests involving kittens revealed the following nations to be the most compassionate.
The following governments spend the greatest amounts on environmental issues. This may not always be reflected in the quality of that nation’s environment.
Citizens in nations ranked highly tend to have greater restrictions placed on what they may do in their personal lives, whether via community values or government-imposed law.
After exhaustive surveys, the World Census calculated which nations have the greatest acreages of flesh on public display.
World Census analysts extensively tested concept muscle cars in empty parking lots in order to estimate which nations have the largest auto industries.
Qualified World Census Cheese Masters nibbled their way across the globe to determine which nations have the most developed cheese exports.
World Census agents infiltrated a variety of out-of-the-way towns and festivals in order to determine which nations have the most developed Basket Weaving industries.
World Census staff compiled lists over Smart Phone related traffic accidents to determine which nations have the largest Information Technology industries.
World Census staff spent many nights answering the front door in order to measure which nations have the biggest Pizza Delivery industries.
The World Census conducted frenzied haggling with fishmongers in order to determine which nations have the largest fishing industries.
World Census special forces intercepted crates of smuggled weapons to determine which nations have the largest arms industry.
World Census bean-counters on horseback guided herds of cattle to slaughter in order to determine which nations have the largest agricultural sectors.
The World Census recorded sales of fizzy syrup water in order to determine which nations have the largest beverage industries.
The World Census measured the rate of desertification in order to calculate which nations have the largest timber industry.
World Census experts measured the volume of stuff removed from the ground to determine which nations have the largest mining industries.
The World Census posed as door-to-door salespeople in order to establish which nations have the most extensive Insurance industries.
World Census analysts spend quiet weekends in the countryside in order to determine which nations have the largest Furniture Restoration industries.
The World Census estimated levels of employee ennui to determine which nations have the largest retail industries.
The World Census tallied social media complaints from students regarding overpriced textbooks to determine which nations have the largest book publishing industries.
The World Census tailed known underworld figures in order to determine which nations have the largest gambling industries.
World Census bean-counters tabulated data from across several industries in order to determine which nations have the largest Manufacturing sectors.
World Census agents lined up at public agencies around the world in order to study the extent of government in nations, taking into consideration economic output, social and cultural significance, and raw size.
Governments ranked highly spend the most on social welfare programs. Nations ranked low tend to have weak or non-existent government welfare.
World Census interns were infected with obscure diseases in order to test which nations had the most effective and well-funded public healthcare facilities.
World Census interns were framed for minor crimes in order to measure the response times, effectiveness, and amount of firepower deployed by the law enforcement agencies of different nations.
Nations ranked highly spend the most on developing and supporting industry, a practice known as ‘corporate welfare.’
World Census Inquisitors conducted rigorous one-on-one interviews probing the depth of citizens’ beliefs in order to determine which nations were the most devout.
World Census boffins calculated the difference in incomes between the richest and poorest citizens, where a score of 50 would mean that poor incomes are 50% of rich incomes.
World Census sociology experts studied citizens from various nations to determine which seemed most friendly and concerned for others.
World Census experts telephoned citizens from all nations at just before dinner time, in a study to determine which populations were most brash, rude, or brusque.
The World Census eavesdropped on conversations in coffee shops, on campuses, and around cinemas in order to determine which nations have the most quick-witted, insightful, and knowledgeable citizens.
The World Census studied which nations seemed to have the greatest numbers of citizens that fell into the categories “ignorant,” “oblivious,” or “just plain dumb.”
These results were determined by seeing how many citizens of each nation answered a recent World Census survey on the local political situation by ticking the “Don’t Give a Damn” box.
A measure of the general physical health of citizens in each nation.
The World Census shared cheeky grins with citizens around the world in order to determine which were the most relentlessly cheerful.
The following nations were determined to have the best all-round weather.
World Census agents attempted to lure citizens into committing various crimes in order to test the reluctance of citizens to break the law.
World Census agents tested the sharpness of household objects, the softness of children’s play equipment, and the survival rate of people taking late walks to determine how safe each nation is to visit.
Nations ranked highly have lower rates of preventable death, with their citizens enjoying longer average lifespans.
The World Census ranked nations on the basis of how odd, extreme, or fundamentalist their social, economic, and political systems are.
Nations ranked highly spend the most on national defense, and are most secure against foreign aggression.
Nations ranked highly pursue diplomatic solutions rather than military ones in the international arena, have small or nonexistent militaries, and peace-loving citizens.
This data was compiled by surveying a random sample of businesses with the question, “Do you believe the government is committed to free market policies?”
Although some nations have a flat tax rate for all citizens while others tax the rich more heavily than the poor, the World Census used averages to rank the world’s most taxing governments.
World Census financial experts assessed nations across a range of direct and indirect measures in order to determine which placed the lowest tax burden on their citizens.
World Census officials visited a range of government departments and recorded how frequently bribes were required to complete simple administrative requests.
World Census agents tempted government officials with financial and other inducements to bend the rules and recorded how often their proposals were declined.
World Census staff loitered innocuously in various public areas and recorded the length of time that passed before they were approached by dark-suited officials.
World Census observers counted the number of times their car stereo was stolen from outside fast food stores to determine which nations have relatively high levels of youth-related crime.
After spending many tedious hours in coffee shops and concert halls, World Census experts have found the following nations to be the most cultured.
World Census experts studied the ratings of daytime television chat shows to estimate the percentage of citizens who are employed.
World Census experts captured, tagged, and released trains in order to identify which nations have the most extensive, well-funded public transportation systems.
World Census experts tracked millions of international tourists in order to determine the world’s favourite nations to sight-see.
World Census experts took their lives into their hands in order to ascertain the average number of deadly weapons per citizen.
World Census experts sampled many cakes of dubious content to determine which nations’ citizens consume the most recreational drugs.
World Census takers tracked the sale of Cheetos and Twinkies to ascertain which nations most enjoyed the “kind bud.”
World Census experts studied which citizens seemed least concerned about eternal damnation, spiritual awakeness, and chakra wellbeing in order to determine the most godforsaken nations.
World Census researchers spent many arduous weeks lying on beaches and trekking through rainforests to compile a definitive list of the most attractive and best cared for environments.
Nations ranked highly are considered by many to be the most inhospitable, charmless, and ghastly places to spend a vacation, or, indeed, any time at all.
World Census experts spent many evenings loitering in the corridors of power in order to determine which nations were the greatest international diplomacy heavyweights.
World Census staff pored through World Assembly records to determine which nations were the most endorsed by others in their region.
World Census staff took time out to pay tribute to those most overlooked of nations: the determinedly average.
The World Census compiles a “Human Development Index” by measuring citizens’ average life expectancy, education, and income.
Nations were ranked by World Census officials based on the number of natural phenomena attributed to the unknowable will of animal-based spirit gods.
World Census researchers quantified national scientific advancement by quizzing random citizens about quantum chromodynamics, space-time curvature and stem cell rejuvenation therapies. Responses based on Star Trek were discarded.
WA analysts ranked nations based on whether all citizens were commonly treated as equally valuable members of society.
The World Census carefully compared the average spending power of citizens in each nation.
The World Census studied the spending power of the poorest 10% of citizens in each nation.
The World Census studied the spending power of the richest 10% of citizens in each nation.
Fresh-faced World Census agents infiltrated schools with varying degrees of success in order to determine which nations had the most widespread, well-funded, and advanced public education programs.
World Census bean-counters crunched the numbers to calculate national Gross Domestic Product. Older nations, with higher populations, were noted to have a distinct advantage.
World Census interns were dispatched to seedy back alleys in order to determine which nations have the highest crime rates.
The World Census intercepted food drops in several war-torn regions to determine which nations spent the most on international aid.
World Census agents tracked “off the books” deals and handshake agreements in order to study the size of nations’ informal economies.
Long-term World Census surveillance revealed which nations have been resident in their current region for the longest time.
The following nations have the greatest number of surviving citizens.
The following nations have the greatest number of zombified citizens.
The following nations have the greatest number of dead citizens.
The following nations have the highest fraction of zombies among the animate.
The World Census calculated the average incomes of citizens after paying tax.